n8ro-judge - EXT-17 condition evaluator over STORED captures (CR-AS-1..4, CR-CAP-1)

usage: n8ro-judge check    --conditions <file>
       n8ro-judge capture  <capture-file> --conditions <file> [options]
       n8ro-judge campaign <campaign-dir> --conditions <file> [options]
       n8ro-judge --help

commands:
  check                    load and validate the condition file and stop. This is what
                           n8ro-campaign runs BEFORE any host is started (CR-AS-1), so a
                           typo costs ten seconds rather than twenty runs.
  capture                  judge one stored capture.
  campaign                 judge every run's capture under <campaign-dir>/runs/NNN. This is
                           the re-judge mode: no host is started and no bus subscription is
                           made, and this binary could not make one.

options:
  --conditions <file>      the condition file. Required by every command.
  --write <name>           write each run's verdicts to <run-dir>/<name>, one JSON object
                           per line. Default verdicts-rejudge.jsonl for campaign, and
                           nothing for capture.
  --verify <name>          after judging, byte-compare what was produced against the named
                           file already in each run directory - the one the live campaign
                           wrote. Default verdicts.jsonl. A difference is a non-zero exit
                           and names the first line that differs.
  --quiet                  one line per run; omit the per-verdict detail.
  --help                   this text.

the three kinds, and what a not-met verdict is entitled to say (CR-AS-4):
  proximity                did two entities come within a distance. A not-met verdict is
                           sound when the closest observed approach clears the threshold by
                           more than the pair could have closed inside the largest
                           unobserved window; otherwise indeterminate.
  area                     was an entity inside (or outside) a circle or polygon. The same
                           bound, measured to the region's boundary.
  terminal_state           did an entity reach a terminal state. With removal_reason a
                           not-met verdict is sound when every occupancy is closed by a
                           record or carries a sample at the segment's last instant -
                           capture format v1 s8.1 makes that positive evidence. With
                           field+equals a not-met verdict is NEVER sound: nothing bounds a
                           field's rate of change, so it reports indeterminate.

  A met verdict is always sound - it is computed from records that are present. An
  indeterminate verdict is a VERDICT state and never a fifth RUN outcome; the brief fixes
  the run vocabulary at four, and keeping the two apart is deliberate.

  Verdicts are evaluated over RUNNING segments only. A capture with none cannot be judged
  at all - sim_time_s does not order a frozen segment's samples - and every verdict is
  indeterminate. That is R14's shape and it is not rare.

expect - the one key this project adds to the vendored condition shape (OQ-5):
  "expect": "met"       the default, and how a file written for EXT-08's referee reads.
  "expect": "not_met"   the condition asserts NON-OCCURRENCE.

  The vendored schema is a referee: it reports whether a condition was satisfied and says
  nothing about whether that is welcome. A campaign runner must map those facts onto the
  brief's four run outcomes, and two of its three questions survive that reading while the
  third does not - "did anything reach a terminal state it SHOULD NOT have" is an
  assertion of non-occurrence, and the vendored shape expresses one only for the area
  kind, through test: inside|outside. Without expect, a condition asking whether the
  command centre was destroyed asserts that it should have been.

  The verdict still records the FACT in the vendored schema's own terms - met or not met -
  so EXT-08's verdicts and a re-judgement here stay directly comparable. Whether the fact
  was the asserted one is a separate field: satisfied, violated, or undetermined. Only a
  VIOLATION makes a run fail. An indeterminate verdict is undetermined and is never folded
  into either, whatever was expected.

the THREE of the four run outcomes a stored capture can carry (CR-EX-5):
  pass                     every asserted condition was satisfied.
  fail                     the capture read, and a declared condition was VIOLATED.
  infrastructure_error     the capture would not read, or was not conformant, or carries
                           no running segment, or decided nothing at all. None of these is
                           a failing scenario, and reporting one as fail is what the
                           brief's rule 3 forbids.

  timeout is the fourth, and it is absent here for a reason rather than by oversight: it
  is a property of an EXECUTION - a run that ran past its backstop - and nothing about a
  file on disk can be too slow. n8ro-campaign assigns it, and a run that timed out is
  never judged at all (CR-EX-5), so no capture reaching this binary can carry it. The run
  vocabulary is still FOUR and is fixed at four; this command can reach three of them.

exit codes:
  0  every capture was judged and every asserted condition was satisfied
  1  a condition was violated, or a verdict was indeterminate, or a --verify comparison
     differed
  2  usage error, a condition file that would not load, or a capture that would not read
