n8ro-compare - EXT-17 determinism comparison for two captures of one configuration

usage: n8ro-compare <capture-a> <capture-b> [options]
       n8ro-compare --help

Compares two captures of the SAME configuration two ways and reports both:

  content   per (entity, occupancy) value sequences aligned on sim_time_s, over
            RUNNING segments only. A sample present in one run and absent from the
            other is not a difference - it is the publication schedule, which this
            platform does not repeat (format v1 s14). It is counted and reported.
  bytes     byte for byte, with platform.model_path excluded - and that is the ONLY
            exclusion made here. At the fifth pin s14 widened its host-dependent list
            to three: header.continues_from and trailer.continued_in embed the run
            label, and differ between two rotated sets recorded into different output
            directories. This tool does not exclude those two, and the gap is recorded
            as F-50 rather than hidden: it is unreachable for any capture EXT-17
            produces, because --on-size-limit defaults to stop and an unrotated
            capture omits both keys. Comparing two rotated sets recorded elsewhere,
            pass --run-label to the recorder - s14 names that as removing both.
            EXPECTED TO FAIL on this platform. Never engineered to pass.

Which of the two decides the gate is OQ-2. It is DECIDED - content - by the DRI on
2026-09-01 from the brief's own words, and it was never ANSWERED by the brief's author,
who has not replied. Those are different words on purpose. --gate-basis still selects
it; both comparisons always run and both are always reported. docs/m7-oq2-oq3.md
carries the reading that decided it.

options:
  --gate-basis <b>       content (default, ADR-1, THIS PROJECT'S decision) or bytes
                         ([B]'s strictest reading). Under bytes the gate fails on
                         this platform, which is the honest implementation of the
                         un-ruled alternative rather than an argument about it.
  --coverage-floor <p>   percent of the smaller run's comparable samples that must be
                         present in both, or the verdict is indeterminate rather than
                         pass. Default 99. Measured: the worst of all 190 pairs of
                         M2's twenty runs was 0.4192% unmatched.
  --changed-input        the two captures are runs at DIFFERENT inputs, not two runs of
                         one configuration. This is the brief's second diffing half -
                         "change one input and show exactly where the two runs
                         diverged" - and it is a different question from the gate.
                         A divergence is the ANSWER, not a failure; agreement means the
                         changed input did not take effect, and is the outcome worth
                         more attention. No gate line is printed and no pass/fail word
                         appears. Exit 0 when they diverged and the point is named,
                         1 when they did not.

                         n8ro-campaign can only ever produce a self-test pair - two
                         copies of one RunConfig - so nothing in a campaign reaches
                         this framing by accident.
  --outcome-a <s>        the four-state run outcome of each run, where the caller
  --outcome-b <s>        knows it. Omitted means not supplied, which is reported as
                         not supplied rather than as agreement.
  --quiet                print only the verdict line.
  --help                 this text.

exit codes:
  0  the gate passed - or, under --changed-input, the two runs diverged and the first
     point of divergence is named
  1  the gate failed, or the comparison was indeterminate - or, under --changed-input,
     the two runs did NOT diverge, which for two different inputs means the input did
     not take effect
  2  usage error, or the comparison was refused - a precondition was not met and the
     refusal names which
